Oh god. The couch is wet. Oh. Yeah, I can't be outside. Unfortunately. Okay. Well, it was a nice
trap. I'm sure you're wondering why Dax's couch is too wet to record. But before we get to that,
Adam woke me up at 5am on a Saturday morning to ask me to tell you, if you'd like to support
Adam and Dax and this very podcast, you can do so by subscribing to their new monthly box called
CRON. You can open up your terminal and type SSH terminal dot shop. Find out all the details there.
It promises to be the most entertaining thing you get every month when it shows up at your door.
And hey, maybe you're like me and your client wakes you up at 5am on a Saturday task you do
something. What better way to recover from that early morning wake up than to receive a special
flavor of a month blend themed around the topics and memes that drive tech culture. So visit terminal
dot shop in your web browser or open up a terminal window and type SSH terminal dot shop for more
details. We're doing it. We're doing it. You are not in America. I'm not in America. It's fine.
This is technically international travel. Do you care to share? I'm in the Dominican Republic.
I got here on Wednesday. We're here till Sunday. We're doing a big family vacation with Elizabeth
family. It's actually hilarious because we have like 20 something people here. Wow. And so it's
kind of cool because it's a resort, but it's not like a giant resort, which means when we're all
together, we're just like this giant mob just taking over the whole place. And it's a rowdy mob.
So it's been pretty funny. And slash funny. Yeah, I can imagine. There were some like stereotypes
I want to go down, but I'm not going to go down. But I can imagine what? Well, like a lot of people.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can imagine. I miss I miss this. But Liz was describing the situation where
they were waiting to get on one of those like golf cart trolley transport things or whatever.
Yeah. They always have these resorts. And it was like 20 of them. And they had a boombox playing
like Lao Latin music and they were like just being super rowdy and like her dad was dancing with
her mom and they think it was crazy like Latin stuff. And they like were at the stop. And then
there was like this Asian family of like it was like to like the grandparents and like the parents
and the kids. Yeah. And they were just like sitting and like slowly just like edging away and clearly
like where they were really overwhelmed by everything that was going on. Yeah. And it was just like a
funny juxtaposition of a, you know, two different cultures. Yeah, that's awesome. Yeah. The funny
thing also is when when you have this many people at a resort this size, you just randomly run into
people over and over. Like we're just going out and we just you see like your family members everywhere.
Yeah. It really feels like we just took over this place. So it's a lot of fun.
Yeah. I didn't know you were going. This was like a surprise to me. Did you tell me and I forgot?
No, I also it was just one of those things where we had the New York stuff. And then I just knew
this was after but like in my head nothing existed until, you know, like after that point in time.
Because there was so much focus and work. So yeah, I kind of forgot too. I want to talk. This is I
feel like you'll never have a problem with this talk. I want to talk about SST because I've been
using SST a lot and I have questions about like all of your plans because I'm just really how much
I rely on it for like everything I do. The console super good better all the time. It's so cool to
just have like all of my work is in the console at this point being able to find logs being able
to find live stuff that's happening. Like I've got external parties testing stuff and just being
able to watch the logs. It's so it's so nice. Everything is so nice. The auto deploys now.
Are you guys ever going to add? And this is this is where I don't know like where SST wants to focus
where you three care about focusing because this is like one specific thing you deploy which is like
web products. Do you ever plan to add like analytics stuff where I could just never use another
external analytics party again and just have it in the console? Yeah, so I guess I'll give you like
quick like overview where our heads at with a bunch of things. So the console itself the
for us spending time the console is always tricky because it is like the bottom
thing in our funnel, right? There's like people out here best to if they're using the console they're
like all the way towards the end. They're probably something like already deployed a production. Yeah,
and we need to have something there because that's like, you know, important. But
it's hard like when you're like at the phase we are, we like it feels like we have to like
work on the console again. I'd rather focus on like getting two times as many users at the top.
Yeah, it's like you already have us like us people using the console. You already sold us. So like,
yeah, focusing your three people effort towards growing that big number at the top of the funnel,
that makes sense. I think I've seen you tweet things like this and I wasn't smart enough at
the time to know what you meant. Yeah, so it's like it's I think the thing that balances it out
though is I'm an ST user. So when I can't do things on the console, I'm annoyed. You want to fix it?
Yeah. Yeah, we improved it a lot over the past couple of months. I still feel like I want to
improve it a lot more. But yeah, it's just like there's always attention. So the second thing is
we obviously widen our scope a ton because with V3, you know, we support all different types of
providers, et cetera. But we are kind of, I wouldn't say done, but it's just like we had a phase where
we were like expanding wide just to make sure our stuff could work really well in all kinds of
scenarios, test it all. But the next couple weeks, months are going to be back to focusing on AWS
and making sure that there's lots of that's not very polished there as well. So we want to make
sure we lock down the idea of this is going to be the best way to do AWS. We want to make sure that
we don't like lose that as we kind of widen our focus a bit. Yeah, it's a good timing to shift over
with all the new stuff too. There might be things that that changes or components you want to add
stuff like I'd love the scale to zero config. And yep, like I've got databases, I just randomly like
had this $200 AWS bill every month for like my personal account where I was doing, it's like
where I was in pro AWS stuff. And then also it's like my stream overlays. There's like no traffic
to any of that. And I realized like, Oh, it's because I have these databases spun up in every
account. And then it's also the NAT gateways. I think the cluster I just saw in the, in your
guy's little note on the cluster thing, it doesn't use NAT gateway in the new version or something.
I've got to update all my stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be with that. We found a nice upgrade path with the
the NAT gateway stuff where you don't have to use it at all if you don't want to any kind of
progressively add it in if you if you need it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's actually one of the
reasons we are shifting back to Polish and AWS stuff with all the cloud front, not really all
the cloud front changes with that one big cloud front change of functions being able to change
origins, the router stuff. Yeah. So like that just deserves us to go and look to see what this
enables like such a wide range of things like all those weird astral limitations with the 25
behavior stuff. Obviously that that could all be fixed, but also stuff like sharing a single CDN
across multiple stages. So you deploy cloud front once and you can have like a sub domain for every
PR like that type of thing. So yeah, I think we were doing another pass on all of our SSR sites
with this new capability to see like how much better can we make things and what promises itself.
So yeah, that's like our current focus. But the thing you brought up of like the analytics thing.
So yes, that is falls, probably falls under a scope of stuff that we would want to do. If you
look at what I'm working on with open auth right now, it's kind of in that category. It's taking
something that typically is delivered as a host service and delivering it again as a host of
services inside your account. So you spin it up and you get like dedicated endpoints for it and it
looks the integration with it looks very similar to an integration you would do with Auth0,
but it's an on your infrastructure and integrates with the rest of our stuff. Analytics is obviously
another thing like that. And we try to like find ways to do it that's a little bit unique since we
can spin up any infrastructure we want in your account. And I think our equivalent for analytics
would be so typically analytics is delivered as like a JavaScript tracking thing on the front end.
But because we have access to all of your infrastructure logs and everything, we can probably also
source data that most analytics solutions can't. But like for you specifically, like what were you
when you're having analytics like what are you what are you imagining? Yeah, just like I use
I'm not going to name them because I don't want to I don't I use like Google analytics alternatives
in the community. Yeah. Right now I don't know why I don't want to name I don't want to
I don't want to come up and I'm like just moving off of them I guess because I like the people.
But just like having to have another thing outside of me is what I'm just laughing because
there's like literally two options and I'm pretty sure like when you said I like that and I'm like
there's probably only one of these people you personally know. So it's obviously yeah. It's like
I am I'm not going to want to name this PHP based analytics tool who I really like by the way they
also do this a lot. Yeah. Anyway, no, I do like them. I just just like help you feel better about
this. Yeah. A lot of our set is geared towards not being better than these products. It's just
nice when they're kind of in the same place. So consolidated. Yeah. And all in my AWS account.
Yeah, exactly. So we build like a worse we will build a verse version of whatever you're using.
But like you might still use it just because it's adjacent. Yeah. Right. So just like high level.
This is not like I'm not even for stat news. I'm not even thinking for that use case because we
have all kinds of custom stuff we do for analytics that I just don't imagine like a box off the
box off the shelf box solution would work anyway. This is just like high level like what you get
in Cloudflare. I think Cloudflare has like a basic analytics for web properties just to like know.
Oh, people actually hit this. That's basically it. Yeah. So I yeah, I think our approach is always
hoping and this doesn't work out too much. But I think it could work out for this.
Hoping there is an open source effort in building something like this and just wrapping it in a
really slick component that just you drop it and you just get it at an endpoint. And so Drizzle
released their $1 stats thing. I don't know if you saw that. I don't even know if they announced
it because I saw some like random account posting it but they didn't mention to me they were working
on it. It's exactly that. It's like just a high overview of whatever at the end cost of $1 a
month or something. I don't know if that's open source is probably not but there's probably some
open source efforts around this. Yeah. So just wrapping that into your account and you just get it at
analytics.mydomain.com or whatever. Yeah. I mean, that makes a lot of sense and
it's nice for us because it's like pretty much every single company needs it. It's like so
general. Yep. I will say you just a little word of advice. If this is helpful, this might be
context I have server side versus like browser analytics are so wildly different. Maybe it's
unique to stat means because we get a lot of like bots a lot of scraping our site but like our
server side numbers if we go off our cloud front logs are so much larger than like actual browser
sessions from something like I see Google analytics. Like when you narrow it to things that actually
execute JavaScript, it's just a huge it's like half. I mean, it's a huge discrepancy. And again,
that might be just stat means is unique because we do again have a lot of that people trying to
get our data and stuff. So I don't know if that colors. No, I think that make that, but I think
that makes sense. I think it probably is good to do it from the browser. We could probably just
put a flag on our SSR site. So you say analytics true and then we could just inject the
JavaScript. Yeah, just inject in there. That's so cool. You guys can do like anything like that,
which is super cool. Yeah, we have a nice entry point to all this stuff. Like other people,
what's cool about it? And maybe this is just infrastructure nerd stuff that no one cares about.
But it's cool because if you did that, you decided I want to inject like actual JavaScript into your
sites, there might be like infrastructure level things that still have to be done to like allow
that traffic or something. And you guys can do that too. Like you can also modify cloud front
behaviors or something to like you can work front to back in a way that if you're not doing what
SSC is doing, which is like the whole thing, all the infrastructure deployment, all that stuff,
you can't do that. Like someone who just hands you a JavaScript library, they're kind of the like
whims, they're the holding to your infrastructure and how you deploy and all that. Anyway,
yeah, exactly. That's cool. Historically, if you wanted to distribute something open source,
you can only distribute a library and then that kind of limits the type of stuff you can distribute
or you have to like give them crazy instructions on like, right, you got to have instructions per
like place that can put their thing. And you guys don't have that problem.
Yeah. So if you look at open off, so the way we set it up is we still expect most you to like
own most of your data in your main database, but we needed some amount of state, just so like a
basic key values or type of things or store like refresh tokens and things like that.
You don't need access to that. It can just basically be a black box. Yep. If it was just a
library, we would have to make an adapter for use an adapter for Redis and for my
SQL and for both your database. But then for us, we're like, if you're on AWS, it's just going
to be a DynamoDB table. It's never something you have to ever look into. So it's kind of invisible
to you. If you're on Cloudflare, just Cloudflare, KV. So we need to implement those too. And then
we're good because we can ship the infrastructure with a library, basically. So yeah, we haven't
taken advantage of it too much, but that's kind of like the grand vision of like what we can
eventually do. Yeah, more random, just like questions for you. One, have you ever considered,
maybe this is a huge hurdle, but like billing through our AWS account, I feel like some third
parties have done that, but it'd be cool if the console could just, yeah, that would be even better,
because then it really is like, we just pay our AWS bill every month. And we can imagine all these
things coming under the fold of SST, like analytics and all that, and it's just like one bill. That
would be awesome. Well, our create, okay, so not only is that good for you guys, we are highly
motivated to do that because of the way that AWS Negotiates contracts, it's now like committed
spend, right? So if you committed spend a million dollars a year with them, us being part of that
bill counts to that. So going through the procurement process for these giant enterprise companies,
there's basically no procurement process. They don't have to go like do any of that typical
stuff, which could take like six months to a year. So that AWS marketplace thing is like,
is very, very, very cool, because it kind of solves the enterprise sales problem.
The other thing we really want to do is, okay, so it's not easy to get that set up. We should,
because we're, you know, there's we have such a good reason to. Once we have that set up,
we might as well have our own marketplace on there as well. So if somebody distributes apps
using SST, so there's a few apps out there that are like kind of the type of things that we build,
but other people have built them where it's open source or like maybe you even pay for it,
and I guess you've distributed to your account. Yeah, I would love to just see an app store one
day in the SC console that's like installing. Yes, like if someone else built open auth,
like that someone else could have built an auth solution, and that's like in your marketplace,
you can turn that on. Oh, that's a great point. And we'd all just get built through the same
if if there is building associated with it, it can just get built to the same. Yeah, kind of
interface. So it would be an app store that would be multi cloud, which I think is a pretty
like unique. Oh, yeah, this is cool. What if like, yeah, what if the incumbents had motivation,
like, well, why wouldn't clerk want to have an auth thing that you could deploy into your AWS
account through SST like, yeah, exactly. Just like they view SST users as this whole other bucket of
sales potential. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And it's like, it should, I mean, in the most extreme view,
like, why wouldn't that just be the default? Because you eventually have to build that anyway,
because as soon as you hit enterprise, they're going to want the stuff in their account. So you
might as well start with the platform that's you'd do that from day one, and we can build then like
SDKs for all kinds of things like, I mean, billing for one, but like, just all sort of common
problems when you're deploying some into other people's accounts, like monitoring it, doing updates,
like all kinds of stuff. Yeah, this is a great idea. SST was a good idea. Good job, guys.
Like, I can see the future for like, that everything before this, it's like the whole
generation of dev tool companies before this was so like, agnostic to infrastructure.
And this just seems like the most obvious, well, what if we weren't, what if we weren't
agnostic? What if we also included your infrastructure in the thing? Is that kind of the bet? I mean,
that's the like thing that is unique. Yeah, I think we basically are most extreme bet is that
delivering software as a service is not like a permanent long term thing. And we're betting that
we can make that change or think of that change happens. And if it does,
obviously massive win would show up if you do that. The other thing that changed a lot,
which makes us possible is if you think about why you were paying for a SaaS before, it was a
combination of two things. They wrote a bunch of code that you don't have. It's like close source,
and they wrote it, they put in the time and effort investment to write it. But once it's written,
like, obviously there's updates, but roughly like once it's written, it can be deployed a
billion times over like it's, it's no more investment needs to go into it. But the reason you pay them
monthly is because they also deal with the operations of running that code. So spinning up the database,
like all that economics of scale, you're just renting a small portion of whatever infrastructure
that they have. So that's why software service made sense. It wasn't just for the software,
it was also for like the operations of running it. But if cloud primitives become more and more
self-running, where like AWS is basically can do all that for you, you start to pay companies
just for their code, right? Like a lot of modern companies have, they're not managing infrastructure
at all, they're just using managed infrastructure themselves. So you're only paying for code now.
So that means anyone that can produce the code can produce a competitor. So I think
that that should has also happened where, yeah, like the miles around us have to change because
the moment something open source clones you, and it's just easy to self-host it because the
operations are basically the same, you're not a problem. Yeah, elastic. Yeah, there's probably a
dozen examples. Is that fit what you're saying? Oh, yeah, for sure. Like anytime like something
gets cloned by a big cloud, it's, it's that it's just, there's already like the biggest company in
the world offering here we deal with operations for you. Yeah, as a service. So it's hard to also
sell product being like, oh yeah, and then we deal with the operations for you. Yep, makes sense.
I just thought of another random idea. This was one while we've been talking of things I want in
this SST marketplace, or maybe I want you guys to build it. Like a simple cost explorer, a simple
like AWS spend diagnostics. Oh man, if you guys do that, and you just do the like SST version that's
super simple and very easy to parse, because like I've spent a decade in the AWS billing and
management console or whatever. So I have like some experience, but it's still overwhelming.
And I spill, I still spend way more time just for some basic information I want, like a top down,
like single page overview of my AWS spend. Oh man, I'm getting really excited about SST.
Can I invest, you guys are going to do another round, right? Can we talk about that on a podcast?
Is that a thing that could be talked about? We might do another round in January. Yeah.
Oh, I just realized I said you guys are. I don't know if that's something I can say.
Maybe you say the thing about Chris. Okay. Because if I say it, it's fine. I mean,
nothing where it's like very early. We're just exploring. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or options, but. Wink, Wink, let me know. I might want to. That'd be weird if I was one of your
investors. I'd be an annoying investors. Is that a conflict of interest? No, I don't know.
I don't know anything about this. Yeah, that's right. I knew that. I mean,
I would be like a needy investor. I would not be like them money. I would be like,
I'd be checking in all the time. I'd be super annoying. Like, where's the quarterly update?
I need a quarterly update. We actually do monthly updates, so you'd be free. Look at you guys.
I'm going to write like a $10,000 check and I'm going to be the most needy person on the cap table.
Just watch me. The thing is like, I don't think it would be worth the investment because we're just
a little bit further along for like it to make sense for individual investments, you know?
Sure. Yeah. This is where the big money, the institutions come in.
Big boys with their spenders. If you're saying that you're going to invest in it and be annoying,
then clearly you're getting an ROI there that's not like monetary related. So it's about the
relationship. I want to be close to the SST people. That's all. But anyway, all this stuff,
again, sounds really good, but yeah, we're still like a long ways off from seeing if it's actually
going to work out or like, there's like a lot that still needs to be put into place. Yeah.
Yeah, the stuff just takes forever. It's like building anything takes such a long time.
Yeah. Well, yeah. And there's just three of you. Do you guys feel like it'll always just be the
three of you? Do you ever think about like, we're definitely hitting our limits in terms of what
we can do is three. I'm really proud of how much we've done as three. And I think it's really good
to like just push ourselves. Can I say I'm very proud of what you guys, yeah, like when I see like
blog posts and stuff that are so well done and like the fact that you guys have time to do that
kind of stuff and build all this, it's kind of insane. Sorry, I cut you off. Yeah, no, I think it's
like it's, I've always wanted to be able to say like, oh yeah, well, I'm on a team where everyone
looks at it and they're like, how the hell are they doing all this stuff? And I feel like we've hit
that bar. But there's just like a ceiling, like I was terms of, I'm sure there's another team of
three that can do more than we can. But in terms of where we are, I feel like we've been as clever
as we can and found the leverage and did all that stuff. And we're definitely at our limits of how
much we can do. And I think our ambition is like, it's like hitting up against our vision of what we
want to do. I think the thing that suffers is, I don't think you just cannot do with a small team
is polish. Like, I'm pretty proud of how much polish we do given our size. But I mean, the console
feels polished to me. That's because we just did a round of polish on it. It was kind of been like
not a great state for a little bit. Yeah. So, but like other other companies that are a lot bigger.
Yes, when I look at them, like there's they have like a whole team for something that is should not
even be like a one full time role. But upside from that is you never get something that feels like
unpolished. So like, obviously we don't want to rotate to that extreme, but you know, adding one
more person. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, but would yeah, would it be weird to like,
have a non founder involved at this point? Like, would it feel weird for you guys?
I'm technically not a founder. So, it's, yeah, yeah, bigger, like, you've been there a long time.
Yeah. And that's, I mean, it's more like a me personality thing. I've been there for a long time.
And when I work on something, I like, I'm going to treat it the same
wave as I'm technically a founder or not. And obviously, I was like, they're super early. So,
it's a little bit different. So yeah, it is going to be weird when we add someone, like,
like that dynamic, like just having like a new employee is weird on its own.
You'll have to start wearing a shirt on the calls. I mean,
yeah. That would hurt. That's actually what I was going to bring up. Like, we have such a
tight dynamic that it's just so, it feels just so scary adding a fourth person,
because it's going to like reset our dynamic a little bit for a while. Just like, as we,
like, suss everything out and like fall into a new flow. And so, it's always scary and feels like
you might, you might lose something. So, yeah. And that's what's also slowed down us ever,
bringing out another person we just want to like, I just want to bring on something that I already
know. Like, if you join the team, that would be great. I was just like, no worry about that.
All that stuff. When can I start? I'll build the analytics and the billing thing.
Yeah, perfect. Things I want.
I mean, I just work on things I want to. That's really all that happens. It's like,
isn't it so weird that our roadmap and things I want just happen to always coincide? Like,
what a weird, fun coincidence. I just, I want to say, I ask you a lot of questions and then I
interrupt you immediately. And I just remembered some comment I read across one of our platforms,
maybe YouTube, where someone was like, bro, stop cutting DAX off, like chill. And it's in my head.
Every time I cut you off, it's in my head. I do all the time. I'm sorry.
No, but the thing is, you cut me off because I'm long winded. It's like, it's fine. Don't worry
about that. It's just me both. It's like immediately. It's like immediately after ash. I'll be like,
so DAX, what do you think about this? But then, I don't let you actually ignore that comment.
Okay. You heard it here. DAX gave me permission to interrupt him all I want.
SSC is great. That's all. That's what the segment was. I'm a big fan. And it's so cool to look at the
little workspace drop down in the console. And it's like, stat news, terminal. And then like,
my personal stuff is just cool. That's like my whole world digitally. And it's all here in the
console now. And I can go to logs and I can, I don't have to think about like, just launching
something new. I just did a little side project at stat news the other day. And it's so nice to
like hook it up in the console and just know like, I never have to open the cloudwatch thing to try
and figure out like, is this getting activity? I can just go to the log thing. I can watch the live
log. It's so nice. And you guys aren't doing a whole lot yet. Like, you're still early in the
console. And it's still so useful. So keep doing stuff. It's nice. I just I just keep track of one
night and open AWS console, because I still end up having to go other a bunch. The billing thing is
is a big one. I'm always in there to like figure out cost stuff. So obviously, if I'm in there a
bunch, we need to do a feature for that. Our log stuff, I've always been like, it's an okay
thing right now. I think it's particularly useful for what you're talking about where you're building
something new. And it's like not fully in production yet. And you're just trying to like good stuff.
It's not very good when you have like production traffic, because there's no like search and stuff
that you kind of expect from a login tool. So we need to add that stuff. We are like constrained
by, because we don't we try to just build on top of what AWS gives you. CloudWatch insights,
obviously, is constrained to, you know, certain capabilities. That said, they haven't announced
anything with this yet, but they did one small announcement where before when you wanted to search
across your logs, you're limited to 50 log groups at once, which always sucks. You have to like
click them all. Yeah, just like all of them. You can search across at like all of them, which is
great. And I noticed this and later Frank bought brought it up independently. So I think it might
be true. I'm like, these results are coming back a lot faster. It feels like, because it was kind
of slow before. And it feels like I'm getting like search results pretty quickly. And the reason we
never wrapped it, that search functionality was because it felt like kind of slow and not great.
Too slow. Yeah. Yeah. But now it's kind of good. So maybe it's worth like doing another
pass it and seeing if we can expose the search functionality. The thing for me is,
okay, so if I search for a log, let's say I'm looking for, I log out event dot user created,
when a user is created or something like that. I search it and I get a bunch of results.
Every single time it sees that. But I don't care about a bunch of results.
I like want to find one I'm looking for and then immediately see the logs above and below it.
Yeah. And CloudWatch makes that kind of annoying to do. So if we just nail that flow, I think then
it's pretty good as like a general purpose logging thing. Yeah. Maybe you don't need to ship it to
somewhere else. Yeah, we'll say I don't really use the logs feature at Stat Muse so much like on
our website. But I do like, I know that the issues will show all the function failures. That's huge.
And that kind of like, circumvents my like, I don't even know what I would look for in the logs.
I'm just looking for like where our scale is stuff breaking. We also hit that limit a lot,
though, where I have to like, click the button to refresh because we have too much going on.
Yeah. Well, okay. So the other thing is we're going to move issue processing into your own
account, at which point there's going to be no limits. Oh, so right now it's in your account.
Yeah. So that's the one thing we did. Nice. More in a traditional SaaS way. Yeah.
The log subscriber goes to our account. That's where a lot of our bills come from. So well,
I just put it in the user's account. Oh, yeah. So every time I click that button to re-enable,
I'm like costing you money. I'm sorry. No, no, it's like a feature you're paying for. So,
yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. But if you could move into our account, that'd be great to not
have to click that button because I don't even know what that means. I just click it every time I see
it. Yeah. We hit some threshold and like, I'm like, I want all the logs. So I click it. Yeah.
So, but see, these are just things that come up from a traditional SaaS thing. It's like,
okay, I have a centralized service with all my customers. But then like, I have this one
customer that sends me a ton of stuff and they're kind of breaking our pricing model and this other
customer is somehow like under our threshold, but they're like traffic patterns are weird. So like,
they're kind of breaking our pricing model in another way. And how do we juggle free tier?
Yeah. Yeah. All those problems go away. We just put that shit into your account.
And it's yeah, no limits. Whatever you use, you pay for at the literally the cheapest possible rate
because you're paying directly to the infrastructure provider. Yeah. It's just makes a lot of sense.
I'm remembering, like, I'm remembering times now when we first turned on some of the Stephanie
stuff where you'd be like, Hey, we're getting this error like 10,000 times. Do you like want to
have that error? Like, and it's stuff that we just we just ignore it. Like, we're pretty small team
too. So there's stuff that like, we could fix it in like 10 minutes, but we don't. And I just think
now, like, is that costing you guys money? That's what's flawed about this model, right? It's just like,
you are you effectively just become like a dumb compute storage provider at the end of the day.
Issue detecting part is not where energy goes to. Like, we're not spending our time making
that stuff better. It can be way better. We're spending our time like looking at our kinesis
situation and figuring out how to optimize it. So again, last generation of companies,
that's how they all got big. Right. But I don't know if replaying that is so gonna work out nowadays.
Anyways, trying to transition into anything else. I don't know. We could talk about us to see the
hubs out. I don't care. No, this is a good, good summary of what's going on. Have you been to
the making republic? You haven't been to Caribbean. I've been I've been to the Baja Peninsula, Mexico
for a week. That's my international exposure in that Gulf area. Yeah, like south of San Diego,
not golf, sorry, like the Pacific side. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You should go to Caribbean. It's great.
I should. Yeah. Oh, well, you know what? Never mind. I've been to the Bahamas. Is that international?
I think so. It's in the Caribbean, right? Yeah. I mean, it's like it's confusing because Puerto Rico
is not international, technically. Oh, Puerto Rico is like a US country. We flew first class.
And I was horizontal the whole time, because it was an international flight. So it was like,
and it was actually one of those like it lays down. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like had the reclining
thing. And then we got to blank it. And it was great. Because our flight was at a, we have to
get to airport like five a.m. or four a.m. So we just didn't sleep. That sucks. Yeah. How long
of a flight is that? I wouldn't have thought to the well, what's stuck? I want this flight to
never end because I want to milk this first class experience for as much as I can because like first
class, I'm I mostly fight domestic and I'm just like, yeah, I'll get like the nicer seat, like the
seat that has a more legroom. And I'm like sitting right behind first class. And it's like, to me,
that feels like like a 20% gap, I would say for like twice. Yeah, it's not a huge like the comfort
plus versus first class. Yeah, it's not a huge difference. Yeah, it's like they treat you a little
bit nicer. Like it's about it. Yeah, they serve food, I guess, like I never take any of the food or
drink. So like, I don't get that benefit. But this was an international life. That's different.
Those Caribbean and it was like giant, like a massive difference. Like it was so nice. And the
people were the staff was really great. So it was definitely worth it. I think the only time I've had
a plane. Is it just the size of the plane that makes for that first class experience? It was an
it was an LA to New York. That's the only time I've seen those like lay down seats. And they're
like all individual. It's like you have a little cockpit you're in. Yeah, is that the kind of was?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Those are so great. Yeah. And then it was, uh, yeah, they just had,
it was great. I think I barely got any sleep that night. And I was like, this is perfect. So I was
only at two and a half flight and I was like, I wish it was like a five or flight so I could
put it in. It would have been more expensive. So it makes sense. Yeah. So I hate not flying first
class and I'll tell you why. I'm mostly fly first class because not because I'm bougie,
which I am too, but I have broad shoulders. I mean, I'm a big guy. Oh, yeah, big. That's true. Yeah,
I always think about that. It's not the knee. Everyone always thinks like, oh, you're hitting
your knees on the seat and coach. No, it's the shoulder to shoulder. I'm always with some other
giant male and like we're both one of us has to like, yeah, from exactly we're flying from the
Midwest. I have to like either lean forward or he has to lean forward. Like one of us, we can't
step side to side. Like we're shoving each other this way. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah.
That's why I fly first class because the width of the seats is so much better. It's not about the
depth. I don't care about who's in front of me. You can lay your seat back in my lap. There's only
two seats per column or whatever. There's so much wider. And I always like, feel like I could
actually get my laptop out. And sometimes I do. I get my laptop out and I can actually do something
in first class. In the back, there's no way it's impossible. That's crazy because I work. So it's
an ROI. I work on my lots of all the time in the normal seats. So it's a huge difference. I think
most of the time, because I'm like, if you're huge, like this is impossible. Like I'm like just barely okay. So I'm not I'm like a normal
sized person. If you're bigger than me, like, that sucks. And it doubles us because it's not like
your income correlates to your height. You can just still not have a lot of money.
No, right. This is a big tax. Yeah. It's just like so arbitrary. It was in some like crazy car
the other day. And I was just imagining like Shaquille O'Neal being in this car. I'm like, oh,
just literally would not be able to do it. Thank God. It's a super rich basketball player, you know.
Yeah. Think if you're like, if you're an NBA player, you're this giant person, and you're really in the
cars, you can't just like do the J Leno thing and own all these tiny cars. You just wouldn't fit and
suck. No, it sucks. I guess you could own them just to look at them like matchbox cars.
Collect them. Yeah. You probably need to get custom cars, like even if it's not like a even
just like an SUV is probably not enough for him. Like, and almost you'd be probably so wouldn't fit.
Yeah. For someone that's seven foot two or whatever. Yeah. It's impossible. Like, did he ever
fly a car? Is he like allowed to fly economy? Oh, maybe not weight and balance. Like, if you like
want to move from one side of the plane to the other, they're like, hang on, we'll have to check
with the pilots because weight and balance is like, I'm 200 pounds. Like, what is the plane that
delicate? Oh, I've never heard that. You never heard that? That sounds like an excuse, they say.
It probably is, but they like, they'll say when someone wants to move because it's like not a full
flight and then want to move to the other side to be in the aisle or whatever, just because there's
like two people on one side and there's nobody on there. So it's like, I want to switch. If they've
already done the weight and balance, like the pilots have already like done that whatever step
it is, they're like, we'll have to check because, I don't know, the plane's going to crash.
You should ask your brother if it's real. I'm going to ask him because that's scary if it's that
sensitive, like the one person moving across the aisle would like throw the plane into a
tailspin or something. I wasn't even thinking about that. I was just saying like, is it,
if Shaquille knows, buys a single economy seat, he probably is not going to physically fit and
whoever would see next to him is just completely screwed. Oh, maybe he could probably buy two seats.
Yeah, he can, but do they force you to? That's my question. I think they might force you to.
They have to have a policy there. How would they know, like they could book the full flight,
like, they don't ask your height and wait when you buy a ticket, right?
That'd take you off. Basically, they're like, you're too large. We can't fly you. And I'm sure
they're allowed to do that. Yeah. I mean, now he probably like flies private every time he flies.
But there was a point in Shaq's life when he was seven foot two and he was young and he didn't have
money and he probably had to fly. I'd like to know this story everywhere. Maybe like John Madden.
Do you ever heard the story of John Madden? No, what is that?
I'm just bouncing all over the question. John Madden was like, do you know who he was?
He was a football coach. Yeah. Yeah. He refused to fly. He was terrified of flying. Like, would
not get in a plane. So he had the Madden is like this giant bus that I can't remember the name of,
the man mobile. I don't know. I just say they drove everywhere. He, I mean, he was a commentator.
He was going to every like city in America every week and they drove a bus all over the country
for him to do. That's so crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I think Travis Barker, who's a drummer,
he was in some crazy plane crash. I think he was like a, it was like a commercial
point. It wasn't like a problem. Oh, geez. And like all this skin burns. There's something
crazy like brutal thing and he just never flies ever anymore. Yeah. He drives everyone.
It always is weird when you hear of a plane crash where people survive. You just assume
a plane crash dead. Like everyone dies. Every time I imagine a plane crash, I'm going to survive it.
Really? I'm going to survive. I'm going to clench my abs at the right moment and it's not saving me.
That's hilarious. There's that woman that fell. What was it? It's this crazy. Have you heard this?
It was on Twitter at some point falling out of a plane. Yeah. She was like tied to,
she was strapped her seat and her seat fell 30,000 feet and she lived. Like what in the world?
And then she had to like survive in the Amazon for like, how long do you know what I'm talking
about this specific person on the Amazon? Damn. It was like a jungle. I don't don't quote me on
Amazon. Okay. But she fell in like the trees, they think like broke or fall or something. I don't know.
I don't know how you call 30,000 feet and live, but you could see it, huh?
I could see it. But then she like lived with some tribe and like it's this crazy story.
Yes. Who is this person? Oh, I feel bad. She was like a god because she like fell.
Yeah. No, seriously, she was like praise. Hang on. Woman falls from plane and lives.
Oh, here we go. Here we go.
Vezna volofa chick. 510 aborted. We flight attendant. I'm guessing January 1970.
Hang on. Hang on. Yes. The classic Russian plane flying over the Amazon. It wasn't the Amazon.
I'm sorry. I screwed that part up. Is this the one I'm thinking of?
I'm sorry. This is not the one. This lady like survived in a jungle. Was she pregnant?
Choose. Oh, my God. I'm sorry. This story are there. Here we go. Yes.
Juliane Copka. This is one of the most wild things I've ever in my life. German Peruvian
man, I'm going to survive the plane crash. Peruvian Peruvian Amazon rainforest in 1971.
Soul survivor of lands of flight 508, which disintegrated in mid-air after being struck by
lightning. Oh, yeah. New fear unlocked, by the way, apparently lightning disintegrated.
What do we disintegrated? That is the word they used. Well, Gemini used it. Maybe Gemini's wrong.
She fell 10,000 feet while strapped to her seat in the jungle, survived 11 days in the jungle,
eating sweets from the wreckage and using survival skills she learned from her zoologist parents.
What are the odds? The soul survivor of a plane crash over the Amazon had zoologist parents.
Actually, maybe pretty high because if you're flying over the Amazon, maybe it's because you
live near the Amazon, your parents, zoologists. I don't know. Risked by local lumberjacks after
finding their camp, recovered in a Peru hospital later. Okay, wait, such is more to this story.
I feel like there is. That's crazy. That's crazy. I don't need any more than that.
Okay. She might have been pregnant and there may have been something about worshiping her or
something. I don't know. Look it up. The lumberjacks worshiped her. Yeah. That's crazy. But yeah,
I would survive. I would also survive. You totally would, little bro. If anyone would survive,
it would be little bro himself. I knew you changed your name to that. I saw it,
but I just saw this morning why you changed it. So funny. I know. It's a, that was a funny
situation yesterday. I was a little surprised that he called you little bro. I feel like,
that was, was it aggressive or was it in context not so aggressive? I would say it is aggressive,
but it's just mostly the thing he does where he tries to like just do internet talk. You know,
he does a lot. Like he was just putting the word cracked into everything like a few months ago.
Hello fellow kids. He's just trying so hard to fit in. Anyway, the one thing I'll say is,
you guys all know how good I am in talking shit. It took a lot of mercy in me to not
say anything back to him because when someone that's four feet tall calls you little bro,
there's a lot of things you can say back to. Oh, wow. Well, you just did it in the mercy that you had.
No, I didn't. I said I didn't do that, but you did just now on the podcast.
This is I didn't. I didn't. I said I didn't do that.
I don't think that's how it works. I did. You're lucky. I didn't call you a
shithead. You're lucky. I didn't. It's funny. I'm getting more comfortable with saying shit
apparently. That's like the second time on this podcast that I said it if it doesn't get edited
out. I'm confused because I like, I'm pretty sure you curse. Yeah, no, I do. You're not someone
that doesn't curse. So is it something you like withhold when you're in public or like,
what is the deal here? What's like your rubric for it? You know, I'm learning about my a lot
about myself. Uh, I'm still not the same person with every person I interact with. Does that make
sense? Yeah. Then it's probably normalish. Yeah. Uh, so I think I like there's a public persona of
me that doesn't curse maybe. Even when I do curse though, it does sound unnatural. I'll say that.
I spent most of my life not cursing. I'm one of those people that like grew up in a very conservative
home and, and then like graduated high school and it's like, oh, I can say words. I'm going to say
them. You know what I mean? Like it just sounds so forced when I do curse. I think I type curse a
lot more than I speak. Does that make sense? I see. Yeah. Uh, like it's in me. It wants to come out,
but my lips just don't have a lot of practice. So it sounds like it just sounds weird when it
comes out. I don't know. It's funny. I have the opposite problem where like, I really like the idea
of being someone that doesn't, that doesn't curse. Yeah. But I literally don't know how to punctuate
certain things without doing it. Like it's just so, it's just dramatic effect. It really adds
something to language. Yeah. It does. I can't make jokes and I can't do like certain jokey tones
without like throwing that in there. Yeah. I can just look at Northeast thing like it's
it's impossible. So yeah, I don't think I can stop. No, it's hard. There's, there's no other,
yeah, there's no other way to land certain points or to like dramatic effect emphasis.
It's usually humor. It's not it's just not. Yeah. For me, it's like, if I don't curse,
I don't have a sense of humor. So it's, it's hard. Yeah. I get it.
No, it's something that Casey and I, I think started doing together in the last few years,
where we will just like, it's just like parenting. There's stuff that just, you just need to curse
sometimes. And it, we always say like, after a good one lands, it's like, man, that added a lot
to our life. Like just reintroducing cursing. I think I did in high school and then like,
didn't for a while again, and then we're back at it. I don't know. It's an interesting phenomenon,
but it still sounds weird on the podcast. Cause I think on the podcast, I'm, I'm kind of the
part of me that doesn't curse. If that makes sense, I don't know why I'm just talking to you. I kind
of care, but there's people to listen. That's why I just remembered. Yeah. Like I don't curse on my
stream either. I kind of have like a persona in, in certain contexts where I'm like the Midwestern
guy that is a certain way. I don't know. That is who you are. So I'd like to just be the one person.
That'd be nice. It feels very nice to just be one person. You know, you're just a little Midwestern
bitch. Hmm. Is that my persona? I'll take it. Okay. I'm just kidding. I don't know how to make a
joke without cursing. There's also like kids around like, I don't want my kids to just start.
I don't know why though. I don't know if I don't want my kids to say words that are offensive to
like their teachers. That would be bad. Yeah. I talked to Elizabeth about this a lot because both
of us curse and we're like, okay, how are we going to, we have this guy's in conversation.
Like our kids, we need to modify what we say so they don't pick up on that stuff. And obviously,
the next question is like, why does it matter? It's just a word. Yeah. And ultimately, the explanation
is like not satisfying to me. It's the point where like, I don't know if I buy it. It's just,
there's a social norm and it's embarrassing when your kid curses and the norm is kids don't do that.
It's that simple. It's so funny when they curse. It's so funny. It's really funny curses.
So how am I not going to laugh? Yeah. So my five year old, he is not the clearest of speakers.
Like Asa at his age was way clearer. Like everything he said sounded like an adult. Archie has a bit
of a like, I don't know, baby is unto his speak. And there's sometimes where he's saying a different
word, but it comes out as a curse word. And it is hilarious. Yeah. Like that is the peak of our week.
So yeah, it is funny that it's this thing that's like, you don't want your kid to curse to somebody
that just feels awkward and embarrassing. But when they do it at home, it is the funniest thing.
And yeah, why is it's funny? Like, I can go to the root of it. Like, why does it matter what words
we say? And then I know, I know there are people that are very offended when they hear certain words.
And I guess that's why. That's why we don't just all curse all the time, because
some people are offended by it. Is that how it works? Or but there's other things people do that
there's someone offended by like everything. So you have to draw a line somewhere where like,
I'm not going to not step on a crack on the sidewalk because somebody's offended by it. Like, that's
an extreme. But yeah, like, there has to be some line. What is the line? And I think it's just
even if collectively it feels like the average person finds out outside the range of normal.
Like, if I just walked out with this completely naked. Yeah, that would be offensive. I think
the word of yeah, is maybe sound more extreme than it is. Yeah, that word has a lot of like,
weight today, I think. Yeah, maybe. So I wouldn't be naked because, you know, I would make a bunch
of people uncomfortable. Yeah, I'm talking about too. But then it's context specific too, right?
Like in New York, there's probably more like social acceptance to just drop in F bombs because
it's just how you speak. Is that right? Yeah, I'm sure kids like, it's like a totally different
thing there. Yeah. I feel like I've heard kids recently drop the F bomb and it was kind of
surprising, but like nobody like really thought much of it. So I don't know, maybe things are shifted.
I have no idea. Oh, maybe get across ages. It's different too. Like once once the generation above
us passes and we're the oldest, we're probably not going to care as much, right? Yeah, it's true.
I feel like we'll be old people that are like, but they'll come up with new words that we do feel
uncomfortable. They'll just have like new slang that's like, ew, don't say that. Don't just.
I mean, I don't want to feel that way. I like hate almost all of the Zoomer,
yeah, slang that they use. I have a role. I'm pretty generous with this, I think.
I'll give you till age of 30, okay? I think it should be a lot younger, but
after the age of 30, just don't add new phrases into your vocabulary. You don't need it. Just
you do. Do I do this? I feel like I kind of do this. You do? There's words I say that
maybe just on Twitter, I feel like on Twitter, I say words that I didn't say
ever before. I've probably added words in my 30s. I'll give small allowances, but broadly,
you don't need to add new phrases. You know how to express everything you can express by that age?
Yeah. You don't need it. Don't need to. I think it was when I started streaming on Twitch,
that people in Twitch say so many words, and I'm like, I don't know, I started introducing,
I can't even think of one right now, actually. I think mostly when I say words like that,
I'm joking. It's like a joke to use a word that's way below you, way younger than you.
I think that's my problem, too. When I go to say it, to me, it sounds so
forced, and I'm like super aware of what I'm doing, that I'm like,
this just doesn't make any sense for me to say this, so I can always say in a satirical context.
I think there's also this confusing thing where there's internet language versus what is young
people language, because the internet is skews very young, but there's also just language that's
kind of in our circles that I don't know, maybe it's because we hang out with younger people.
I don't know, some of our friends are still in their late 20s.
It's hard, it's hard. I don't know what's, maybe there's just a taste factor that goes in,
there's just stuff that you like and stuff that you don't. The whole crack engineer shit,
I hate that. I hate when that one's like, "Oh, he's cracked." You got a higher crack engineer.
Yeah, the younger generation, that's the rock star. Our generation was like,
"He's a rock star programmer." That was kind of like, too, though.
I know we hated that, because it was like the LinkedIn recruiters that said that stuff,
but like, I see LinkedIn cracked. It's like the same thing, it's like, "Oh, that's so funny."
It was like some, some like tech CEO said crack the other day.
Was it right Armstrong, the Coinbase guy? It was somebody. I was just like, "Dude, like, come on."
You don't need to be saying this. You don't need to be saying cracked.
Okay, the reason it extra bothers me, and it's the same problem with the rock star engineer,
it becomes a thing. People sort of just self-prescribe to them. Everyone wants to be a cracked engineer,
so they're saying the things that they think crack, quote unquote, "cracked engineers."
It just becomes like this hard to watch thing, you know?
I want to say something about the whole levels of programmers, like 10x engineers or whatever.
Or I want to just have a conversation. I have a lot of thoughts here that have made me think
about this recently. Are you in a rush? Because I don't want to start a conversation.
You can't. I don't want a vacation. You're on vacation, yeah. So, so many thoughts. One,
I had the thought that like so many people, like people who aren't engineers that hire
engineers will never know how good an engineer is because they could be an amazing engineer, like
literally get anything done in short amount of time, but like they won't give you all their time.
They'll just like spread their time across other things. You know what I mean? I've hired people
like this who were incredible and they could turn something around very quickly when they needed to
to just appease you. But you knew they had like four other gigs going on and they were just like,
that's just they're good enough to balance all that and it's just kind of life. So like to even
ever be able to assess someone you hire from like a hiring standpoint, how good they are or how
efficient they are or how smart they are, it's going to be hard because the smarter they are,
the less likely they're giving you all of them. Does that make sense?
Yeah, no, it's 100% accurate. I think this is the kind of thing I bring up a lot where I feel like
when it comes to questions about hiring, people are so like there's so much anxiety around it
that we can't ever have a conversation about how it actually works and what the actual dynamics are
because people get like upset about it and they like want the world to work in a certain way.
Yeah. And they never hear about this stuff and it's actually useful to hear about because you
understand how it works and you can kind of align yourself with it. Yeah. Like people are always
like, oh, yeah, like, you know, this is how you hire great engineers, this interview process is
used for great engineers. That's to hire like a really great person, the thing you're talking about,
it has an interview process. The problem is they never even showed up to an interview process because
like they're not in you or like it's just the root problem of hiring great people is to like
be someone that attracts great people. It's not your stupid process, you know? Yeah, all the,
all like most all of our hires were like, hey, you worked with somebody that was awesome,
they're hired. I don't care. Like we just hired people that other people had worked with.
It's like, if you have one good person to start with and they worked with somebody they knew
was awesome, it just kind of like trails out from there. And maybe that has its own issues, but
I don't know. Yeah, we never really like did a lot of the post-a-job and get a hire that way.
Like through interviewing. Yeah. So more things I want to say about this.
So first of all, yeah, there's like, how good is somebody and how much of your focus are they
getting or their focus? Are you getting? Well, there was one, another thing I thought about this
recently was just watching you at the terminal few thing and like, what are you like a 1000x
engineer? Because that was insane. Just the amount, I'm just like puffing you up and blowing your head
up at this point. But just like people don't understand how much was going on. And it's like
a dumb thing, the terminal if you think, well, it wasn't dumb. It was super cool, actually,
that we did that and very newly appreciating it this morning after watching some of it.
Just like the ability to juggle across so many vectors of things. I don't know. You're definitely
one of those people. So you've earned the right. I think I said this to you that day. You've earned
the right to like talk all the shit on Twitter that you talk through shit in again. I'm just
gonna say that a lot. Something was shit in it. I know Chris.
Because I like spent a lot of time in front of a laptop like on that Sunday and Monday,
just like pumping stuff out. And I haven't done that in a really long time. And to be honest,
I was like, this felt it was good to like do that again and know that I can still do that. But like,
I don't want to do that anymore. Yeah. Well, that's the other thing is who old for this.
There's the aging process of like, you just like your 20s, you kind of use up a lot of your cares.
And like how much you're willing to just like throw yourself, but you get more efficient too.
I mean, we've talked about that before. Like as you age, you're getting faster.
That's why I felt that it felt so, it felt so low leverage to like,
just be like exerting my like, it's effectively manual labor. Like I'm exerting my raw, whatever.
And it's like, I have gotten to a point of life where I rarely, that's like really the
thing I need to do, you know. So it feels bad from that point of view. Yeah.
I feel like this is a really hard conversation. I'm just having a hard time like vocalizing all
the feelings I have around this. It does tie in. I think you kind of hit on like from the hiring
standpoint and just like how people view labor, I guess, there's like the return to office stuff,
the like fear of like, it's just like, how do you control how much people are giving you or
what they're giving you or like, there's this dated thing and I don't know what to replace it with.
What is like the modern, because not every company can be SST where it's like three people
highly aligned, highly incentivized to make this thing work in the long run.
How does someone who like does need to hire people ever feel good about hiring people?
What is the metric? The thing is, I think that people are turning the wrong lever
and they're like, okay, I'm working on this thing, which needs a lot of people.
So how do I like deal with all this annoying stuff? That's a side effect of it.
And like people endlessly discuss how that's a case. You could also choose just to work on
something else, you know? You choose to work on something that doesn't need a lot of people
and like can live up to the ideals that you imagine you use the other people doing.
So a lot of the times were like, I brought up the other day, like I think the further you get in
like business stuff, the more your obstacles look, like in the beginning, it's like, how do I even
make a dollar? Like it's impossible. How the hell do like, I don't know if anyone making any money,
just getting something working at all is so hard. But then I think as you get better at it,
all of your thoughts are around, wait, I can make money this way, I can make money that way,
I can make money this way. How do I avoid the nine out of 10 situations that lead me to a bad place?
The all of them will make you money, a lot of money, but you spend all this time like trying
to avoid being put in situations like that where you're like, well, that seems like a miserable
type of company, even though it's successful. So yeah, so for me, my focus is entirely on like,
how do I build something big without doing this other stuff? And the solution isn't to like,
find some way to avoid that, find some way to like do that better than anywhere else,
just like find a version of your business that doesn't need any of that.
Oh, people. So it's big. Yeah. So but yeah, so I just don't try to help solve that problem,
or think about it at all. Like I don't think there's a solution, like stuff just sucks
after serving size stuff just sucks. I just I have so many like tangential thoughts
shoving into my brain. And I feel like the dumbest human being on earth trying to vocalize any of
it. Like I just started going into my brain into the birth rate problem and like population
of dwindling, but maybe that's good because we're gonna have technology and we don't need as many
people in the workforce. I just there's so many of these like thoughts that are all kind of related
small teams, big teams. I'm just gonna stop. This is just like the dumbest version of some
business podcasts. You're saying some intelligent things and I'm like, but also, I don't know,
I'm just gonna stop. Hey, people like this dynamic. It's a I think Liz said that we've
accidentally landed on a very, very good format for our show and that you represent the audience.
Yeah, yeah. So the dumb people like vocalize. Sorry.
I would say you tend to vocalize questions. You know, yeah, right now I'm having a hard time
just even getting the questions out that are coherent. I have all these thoughts around this
problem. It ties into stuff I've talked about the past with like the fake jobs, like the economy's
half made up and and like I've hired people and been on the employing end. I've been on the employer
and and it all just is very confusing to me. I don't know what my question is.
Can I bring up something that's related to this that we never talked about but it upset a lot of
people. I love it a couple months ago. Keith Reboi, it got summarized in a really stupid way.
It was like there's some headline like Keith Reboi says never hire anyone under 30 years old.
Did you say Keith Reboi? What did you say? Keith Reboi, I don't know how to say his name.
Is it a name? Okay, I just want to make sure it's a name. Okay, that's fine.
Yeah, he's like a audience for the best the same question. I just needed to ask
whatever. He's extremely annoying. He's extremely extremely annoying person but you know occasionally
he has something interesting to say. Could you restate his question? I was I was so busy trying
to figure out if you said Kiefer, like the dairy product, I was so confused. Please do it.
Yeah, I think that's why it's Kefir. Oh, Kefir? Of course. Yeah. Okay. Say it again.
So Keith Reboi, Keith Reboi. He had this longer discussion on some panel and it got summarized as
he says to never hire anyone under the age of 30. This like pissed everyone off. Of course,
because it's a great end to your headline. But if you look at and this is exactly a
demonstration of what I mean by we are so afraid to like talk about this stuff because it
upsets people so much they miss out on understanding how the world works and like taking some
advantage. Like you getting upset by this is not helping you get rich. Like it's just not.
Right. Yeah. So what he describes is a really true thing which is his point isn't people above
30 have no value or like whatever. He's like generally by the time you're 30 years old,
the market has fairly assessed you. Like you as an individual are probably not like
getting into situations where you're like, oh, this is I deserve more than this. Like there's
enough in your career, there's enough data points that there's probably plenty of bidders in the
market to like get you a great outcome or like the correct outcome. And he's saying when we're
in a startup, you can't play that game because there are always bigger bidders than you. So if
you want to find and people don't understand what fun alpha, what that means is like something
in the market is missing above what the average return is. Yeah. You have to go for people that
are not being correctly evaluated by the market. And you know, that makes the time. Typically,
when someone's younger, they don't have a lot of data points. So they might be punching above
their weight and you don't know. So some people try to explain this and then people are upset
from another angle. They're like, oh, so you're just not paying people what they're worth. You
want to like, you know, whatever. Yeah. But the point here is is you are a startup with a fixed
amount of resources to spend on something. Yeah. And you are connecting with someone that is not
able to find a job, right? Or not able to find a thing. And you identify that the market is
ignoring this currently very valuable person and you like, you know, we work with them. That's how
my career started. Like it was all situations like that. Yeah. And it technically is in line with
what people say they care about, right? Like you want people say they want diversity. Well,
it's what diversity looks like. You go find areas that everyone else thinks are useless and you
actually find talent there. That's how you do it. And yeah, they work for you for a little bit.
And that's going to like springboard them into being someone older that now is properly, you know,
valued. And the other thing I found funny was like, people on both sides are like, oh, no,
it means you were like underpaying people. Those are more. But then I'm like, don't people also
argue that the older you are, the more you should get paid? So like, yeah, the younger person should
get paid. Like it just doesn't, it doesn't all make sense. So like, this is a type of thing. Well,
like if you understand the world in this way, yeah, like you can benefit from that. You like,
no, this is how people are going to hire is how you can find like these, these like,
Adam just got up and ran away. So I don't know what happened. I'm so sorry.
What happened? Do you know what happened? Did someone fall down the stairs?
No, I said P. And I didn't, I didn't want you to stop. I wanted to let you cook.
That was so weird that you just, you just, you like sprinted out. I've had to be for five minutes.
No, I just have had to pee so bad. And it was like, I cannot wait any longer. And, but I didn't
want to stop you. You're, you're going. Did you keep going? I did. I did stop because you left.
Oh man. That made no sense. It was just jarring the way you left. Okay. I forgot what I was talking
about too. If ever I just take off in the middle again, just keep going. That means I just want
you to finish your thought and not kill the train that happened at him. I guess it doesn't make
sense. You're literally talking to me. Why would you keep talking if I'm not here? Yeah. Sorry.
Anyway, just to summarize my point, yes, this headline is upsetting. But it's worth, like,
understanding it beyond just getting upset about it. Because like, yeah, yeah, the world
does work in certain ways. And like, it's not this idealized form of hiring you have in your head.
And most idealized forms of hiring people have on their head is like, I should walk in and people
just hand me a job and it should pay like a million dollars. And like, that's how everyone should get.
That they just have this like unrealistic way of the world working. So it's worth.
And then realistic. Some of these situations. On the other side too. Like on the employer side,
this unrealistic expectation that you should hire every person. They should be amazing. And
you should pay them next to nothing. Like, there's just, there's that competing
worldview on both sides. That's not accurate. Yeah. And to me, it's always like people are like,
well, this number is fair. Like, there's no such thing as fair. Like, this is just a very basic
transaction between two parties where both sides are trying to get as most as they can without
giving up as much as they can. And given all the leverage that exists in the world,
it lands on a specific price. And that's where it is. If you're being quote unquote underpaid,
it's not because your boss is evil, your employer is evil. It's that there aren't enough opportunities
for you to like negotiate a better situation. And that's what you need to fix. Not like
being like, you should pay more for no reason. It just doesn't give people more power. If they're
just getting paid more because the employer is being nice. Like, that doesn't actually give you
any amount of freedom. Give me taking away any point. Yeah. I'm glad you hit on the
not the way the world works. Because I do feel like all of my confusion and
struggle to even voice coherent questions, all of that aside, I just want to know what the
reality is. Like, I know there's some reality to all this stuff. And maybe it's just too complex
for there to be simple answers. But there's something about the way businesses and hiring
and all that works that just still feels so messed up in my head. And I can't sort it out.
Yeah. There's a lot of games that I played. Yeah, sorry.
Yeah. The other thing that comes up a lot is, people are always like, I just want to program
for my whole life. Like, why is there always an opportunity to advance, you know, to go into
management or whatever? Everyone sees this as like a fundamentally wrong thing, the world shouldn't
work this way. But the actual dynamics, I think that lead to this are, it's not what people want
to hear, but I think it is a truth. When you are hiring someone, again, you're always looking for
that like, oh, this person clearly is going to be like incredible in a couple years. So if we like,
you know, get them in now, we get to benefit from this obvious growth they're going to have.
So a lot of people when they're interviewing you, yeah, they care about your current state,
but they really look for your like growth potential. And like your own energy around that. And the
reality is the more experience you have, the less that becomes, the less you can like convey
that, right? Like for me, when I was half the experience I do now, like where I might end up
landing was like so undefined, like I could end up like being like amazing. Like it was just like
so I could see how when someone was talking to me, they would be like really excited by that aspect.
Whereas now like they kind of know, like I kind of know where I am and I kind of like know where I'm
going. So like, yeah, I need to like be advancing in some place. So that's why a lot of people end up
going into managing people. And like the reality is, is if you're a programmer with 30 years of
experience versus 20, it's really hard to get that much more excited about the person with 30,
the person with 20 versus 10, that makes sense. And there's only so much work that really needs
30 years versus 10. And yeah, it's not we want to hear because we want to like, we like programming,
we want to do that forever and we want to like be able to have a nice life by just doing that stuff
forever. But this is just how, it's just how the world is. And I don't know, like you have to understand
that and position your life properly. So you heard it here first, Zach says AI is going to take your
job. Basically, basically just said, that's what I heard. I do have to get off here because my kids
want to come in my office and do something. So what destroy it? No, they actually want to clean it up.
They destroyed it yesterday. They want to clean it up. Well, they have to clean it up before they
can do something that Casey has said a stipulation. Yeah, yeah. I see. It's how it's how the world
works right here. If we want something done, we have to incentivize. It's kind of like employing
people. And if your kids had other opportunities, they would pursue that would not be your office.
It's a lot of alpha right now at their ages, at nine and five, you know. Yeah, it's funny.
All right, well, this was good. Thanks for taking a break from your vacation to record.
Yeah, it was fun. It was fun. All right, see you. See you.